Home page link is correct
Product Blue Top added, quantity 1
Product Blue Top added, quantity 2
Product Men Tshirt added, quantity 1
Product Men Tshirt added, quantity 2
/view_cart link is correct
Proceed to checkout button clicked
Register via modal button clicked
Login link is correct
New user Signup title is presented
New user Signup title text is correct
Signup email field is presented
Signup name field is presented
>>> fill_signup_email, URL: https://automationexercise.com/login
Email signup field filled
Name signup field filled
Signup button is clicked
Signup link is correct
Account information title is not presented
Account information title text is correct
Mr radiobutton is presented
Mrs radiobutton is presented
Selected MRS title
Password field is presented
Password is filled in
Day of birth list is presented
Day of birth selected
Month of birth list is presented
Month of birth selected
Year of birth list is presented
Year of birth selected
Sign up for our newsletter! checkbox is not selected
Receive special offers from our partners! checkbox is not selected
First name field is presented
First name is filled in
Last name field is presented
Last name is filled in
Company field is presented
Company is filled in
Address 1 field is presented
Address 1 is filled in
Address 2 field is presented
Address 2 is filled in
State field is presented
State is filled in
City field is presented
City is filled in
Zipcode field is presented
Zipcode is filled in
Mobile number field is presented
Mobile number is filled in
Account_created link is correct
Title is correct ACCOUNT CREATED!
Congratilations text 1 is correct: Congratulations! Your new account has been successfully created!
Congratilations text 2 is correct: You can now take advantage of member privileges to enhance your online shopping experience with us.
Continue button is presented
Username is correct Logged in as James
/view_cart link is correct
Proceed to checkout button clicked
Name is correct in the delivery information: Mrs. James Wu
Company name is correct in the delivery information: Mata, Watson and Cooper
Address 1 is correct in the delivery information: 85038 Pamela Spur Suite 261
Address 2 is correct in the delivery information: Suite 428
City is correct in the delivery information: Gutierrezfort Virginia 07959
Country is correct in the delivery information: Singapore
Phone is correct in the delivery information: 001-969-585-4394x9427
Name is correct in the billing information: Mrs. James Wu
Company name is correct in the billing information: Mata, Watson and Cooper
Address 1 is correct in the billing information: 85038 Pamela Spur Suite 261
Address 2 is correct in the billing information: Suite 428
City is correct in the billing information: Gutierrezfort Virginia 07959
Country is correct in the billing information: Singapore
Phone is correct in the billing information: 001-969-585-4394x9427
Count of products in cart 2 is equal to count of added products 2
Product Blue Top price in cart: 500 matches added price: 500
Product Men Tshirt price in cart: 400 matches added price: 400
Product: Blue Top found in cart: Blue Top, Men Tshirt
Product: Men Tshirt found in cart: Blue Top, Men Tshirt
Product Blue Top quantity in cart: 2 matches added quantity: 2
Product Men Tshirt quantity in cart: 2 matches added quantity: 2
Product Blue Top total in cart: 1000 matches expected total: 1000
Product Men Tshirt total in cart: 800 matches expected total: 800
Comment filled in with: Anyone get reason operation specific join fund. Bit behind above year still.
Place order button clicked
/payment link is correct
Name on card filled in with: James Wu
Card number filled in with: 4883618385788205700
CVC filled in with: 554
Expiry month filled in with: 7
Expiry year filled in with: 2025
Pay and confirm button clicked
Success message is correct: "Your order has been placed successfully!"
Delete title is correct ACCOUNT DELETED!
Delete message 1 is correct Your account has been permanently deleted!
Delete message 2 is correct You can create new account to take advantage of member privileges to enhance your online shopping experience with us.
Continue button clicked
Home page link is correct
